README.md, before:

![](./img/header.png)
## Table of contents
- [Hi there](#hi-there)
- [About me](#about-me)
- [Skills](#skills)
- [Contact](#contact)

## Hi there 


<!-- **VectorGits/VectorGits** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile. -->

<!-- Here are some ideas to get you started: -->

- 🔭 I’m currently working on Frontend Projects
- 🌱 I’m currently learning Software engineering at [ALX](https://www.alxafrica.com/software-engineering/)
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on open souce projects
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with 
- 💬 Ask me about anything
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: I use vim 🙃



## 👩🏽‍💻About me
I´m a Front-end developer. I started coding when I was 15, and haven´t stopped since. I´m experienced in web development and I'm currently learning new technologies and builing my skillset.

### 💡Skills
- HTML, CSS and JavaScript 
- Tailwindcss
- React JS
- Node JS
- SQL

<!-- I also know how to use popular libraries like Bootstrap, Angular Material, Material UI, among others. -->

<!-- ### 📕Portfolio
You can check out some of my work here in my profile. I have built landing pages for small busuiness, photography portfolios for friends, a CMS for uploading makeup reviews, music webapps based on Deezers API, and many other small projects where I practice different skills. I´m always trying to learn new things to improve my skills. 
 -->
### 📞Contact
Interested in having someone build you a website? Let´s talk!

- [Send a mail!](mailto:davidoluremi0@gmail.com)
- [linkedin!](https://www.linkedin.com/in/david-oluremi-584875246/)

Commit message:

Added Hacktoberfest badge from Holopin

README.md, after:

[![An image of @vectorgits's Holopin badges, which is a link to view their full Holopin profile](https://holopin.me/vectorgits)](https://holopin.io/@vectorgits)
## Table of contents
- [Hi there](#hi-there)
- [About me](#about-me)
- [Skills](#skills)
- [Contact](#contact)

## Hi there 


<!-- **VectorGits/VectorGits** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile. -->

<!-- Here are some ideas to get you started: -->

- 🔭 I’m currently working on Frontend Projects
- 🌱 I’m currently learning Software engineering at [ALX](https://www.alxafrica.com/software-engineering/)
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on open souce projects
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with 
- 💬 Ask me about anything
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: I use vim 🙃



## 👩🏽‍💻About me
I´m a Front-end developer. I started coding when I was 15, and haven´t stopped since. I´m experienced in web development and I'm currently learning new technologies and builing my skillset.

### 💡Skills
- HTML, CSS and JavaScript 
- Tailwindcss
- React JS
- Node JS
- SQL

<!-- I also know how to use popular libraries like Bootstrap, Angular Material, Material UI, among others. -->

<!-- ### 📕Portfolio
You can check out some of my work here in my profile. I have built landing pages for small busuiness, photography portfolios for friends, a CMS for uploading makeup reviews, music webapps based on Deezers API, and many other small projects where I practice different skills. I´m always trying to learn new things to improve my skills. 
 -->
### 📞Contact
Interested in having someone build you a website? Let´s talk!

- [Send a mail!](mailto:davidoluremi0@gmail.com)
- [linkedin!](https://www.linkedin.com/in/david-oluremi-584875246/)
